=== Design and Implementation Plan Questions ===

Below are a few questions about how you will design your program and your
implementation plan. It is crucial to have a reasonable design and
implementation plan before you start your program. Without this, success is
unlikely. The following questions will help guide you in your thinking and
raise some important questions and issues. There is no single "right" answer
to each of the questions but there are some "wrong" answers. Some designs and
plans are better than others. The point here is for you to think about what
you're going to do.

Make a copy of this file and edit it, adding your answers then turn this
document in.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

1) The instructions.txt document lists a minimum set of classes that you need
to have in your program: family, familymgr, hashtable. How will each of these
classes relate to each other. For example, will some of these classes contain
other classes as data members? Will some of these classes call methods on the
other classes?

  familymgr -- hashtable: 

  I think the hashtable will be a member of familymgr

  familymgr -- family: 
  
  The families won't be stored in familymgr directly, they're in hashtable. Familymgr will do operations on families though.

  family -- hashtable: 
  
  Families will be stored in hashtable.

2) What will be the data type for the array elements in your hashtable? I am
asking for an actual data type, not just a description of the kind of data
that will be in your array.

Pointers to, in this case, family objects.

3) Your familymgr class should be written in such a way that you could replace
the hashtable with a linked list (if you had a linked list that held family
data) very easily. How are you going to design your program so that this
change could be made quickly?

The familymgr's interactions with the hashtable need to be kept very generic/abstract, like insert/find such and such object. It shouldn't care how the insertion or search is carried out.

4) What is your testing strategy? Has your testing strategy changed since the
first programming assignment (martian_weather) and if so, how?

I definitely need to implement and test the various functions individually and incrementally. My initial strategy was to write the entire program, then fix the compilation errors, then debug it. This worked __okay__ for the martian_weather project, but not so much on the rovers project, judging by the fact that its a week overdue and I am still getting a segmentation fault.



